README.md, before:

# Event Analyzer Chrome Extension

This Chrome extension finds event links on web pages and analyzes their content, extracting information like the page title, meta description, H1 text, and event details. The extracted data is then saved as a CSV file for easy viewing and analysis.

```mermaid
graph TD
    A[Chrome Browser] --> B[Content Script]
    B --> C[DOM Access]
    C --> D[Extract Content]
    D --> E[Background Script]
    E --> F[Save Data]
    F --> G[(CSV File)]

    A[Chrome Browser] --> H[User Interface]
    H --> I[Trigger Analysis]
    I --> B

    subgraph Chrome Extension
        B
        E
        H
    end
```

## How to Use

1. Load the extension into Chrome by navigating to `chrome://extensions`, enabling "Developer mode", and clicking "Load unpacked" to select the extension directory.
2. Log in to meetup.com and navigate to the past events page.
3. Click the extension icon to initiate the analysis process.
4. Keep the browser window open until the extension completes execution and generates the CSV file.

**Warning:** You must be logged in to meetup and on the past events page for the extension to work correctly.

Commit message:

Mention how to observe service worker log for extension

README.md, after:

# Event Analyzer Chrome Extension

This Chrome extension finds event links on web pages and analyzes their content, extracting information like the page title, meta description, H1 text, and event details. The extracted data is then saved as a CSV file for easy viewing and analysis.

```mermaid
graph TD
    A[Chrome Browser] --> B[Content Script]
    B --> C[DOM Access]
    C --> D[Extract Content]
    D --> E[Background Script]
    E --> F[Save Data]
    F --> G[(CSV File)]

    A[Chrome Browser] --> H[User Interface]
    H --> I[Trigger Analysis]
    I --> B

    subgraph Chrome Extension
        B
        E
        H
    end
```

## How to Use

1. Load the extension into Chrome by navigating to `chrome://extensions`, enabling "Developer mode", and clicking "Load unpacked" to select the extension directory.
2. Log in to meetup.com and navigate to the past events page.
3. Click the extension icon to initiate the analysis process.
4. Keep the browser window open until the extension completes execution and generates the CSV file.
5. To see the logs while the extension is running, open the service workers log from the "Manage Extensions" pane.
   ![alt text](<CleanShot 2024-08-02 at 14.52.57@2x.png>)

**Warning:** You must be logged in to meetup and on the past events page for the extension to work correctly.
